GitHub actions has four special functions
which you can use typically in your if conditions
to be precise.
Failure, for example, the function we just saw in our code,
in our workflow always returns true
when any previous step or job failed.
Success returns true when none of the previous steps
have failed.
Always, always returns true.
So it makes sure that any job or step that uses
always in its condition will always execute.
And canceled returns true if a workflow has been canceled.
So these functions can be used in your conditions
to ensure that certain steps only run
when other steps failed or succeeded,
or that they always run or only run
if a workflow has been canceled.
Now by adding failure to this condition here
we make sure that GitHub actions realizes
that this step should still be evaluated
if we have failing steps or jobs before that step.
And it then also takes this second condition here
into account since I combined them logically with the end.
So if for some reason installing the dependencies would fail
failure would still return true but this condition
would not return true because this step here
running our tests wouldn't have failed
because it would've been skipped instead
if installing dependencies failed.
And therefore uploading test report would not run
if installing dependencies or restoring the cache
or getting the code failed.
But if running our tests failed, then failure returns true
and leads to GitHub actions evaluating that step.
And then this condition makes sure
that this step is executed if run tests is the reason
for this job failing, so if that is the step that failed.
So now if we save everything and we create another commit
where we added failure, we can push this.
And now we'll see that our action of course
is triggered again, but this time in this test job,
it should run this upload report step even though
we are failing to run our tests
because we added this special failure expression.
So here our test code failed
but now you see upload test report still executed.
That step was still executed, it was not skipped
and therefore, for the overall action here, added failure
we also can retrieve our test report
as an artifact down there because it was uploaded
despite this job failing,
or actually not despite this job failing
but because that job failed.
Because in our condition we clearly specified
that uploading test reports should only run
if that step failed.